c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\LocationSampleApp.dll
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\LocationSampleApp.pdb
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\obj\Debug\LocationSampleApp.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\obj\Debug\LocationSampleApp.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\obj\Debug\LocationSampleApp.dll
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\obj\Debug\LocationSampleApp.pdb
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\obj\Debug\LocationSampleApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\obj\Debug\LocationSampleApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\conor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\LocationSampleApp\bin\Debug\LocationSampleApp.dll.mdb
